Helm: Clean up deprecated values (#24214)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

  ``podSecurityContext``.
* The ``securityContext`` for Hubble Relay now defaults to drop all
  capabilities and run as non-root user.
* Values ``encryption.keyFile``, ``encryption.mountPath``,
  ``encryption.secretName`` and ``encryption.interface`` are deprecated in
  favor of their ``encryption.ipsec.*`` counterparts and will be removed in
  Cilium 1.15.
* Value ``hubble.peerService.enabled`` was deprecated in Cilium 1.13 and has

>   now be removed. The peer service is no longer optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  been removed. The peer service is no longer optional.
```

* Values ``hubble.tls.ca``, ``hubble.tls.ca.cert`` and ``hubble.tls.ca.key``
  were deprecated in Cilium 1.12 in favor of ``tls.ca``, ``tls.ca.cert`` and

>   ``tls.ca.key`` respectively, and have now been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``tls.ca.key`` respectively, and have been removed.
```

* Value ``hubble.ui.securityContext.enabled`` was deprecated in Cilium 1.12 in

>   favor of ``hubble.ui.securityContext``, and has now been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  favor of ``hubble.ui.securityContext``, and has been removed.
```

* Values ``ipam.operator.clusterPoolIPv4PodCIDR`` and
  ``ipam.operator.clusterPoolIPv6PodCIDR`` were deprecated in Cilium 1.11 in
  favor of ``ipam.operator.clusterPoolIPv4PodCIDRList`` and

>   ``ipam.operator.clusterPoolIPv6PodCIDRList``, respectively, and have now been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``ipam.operator.clusterPoolIPv6PodCIDRList``, respectively, and have been
```

  ``encryption.secretName`` and ``encryption.interface`` are deprecated in
  favor of their ``encryption.ipsec.*`` counterparts and will be removed in
  Cilium 1.15.
* Value ``hubble.peerService.enabled`` is deprecated and will be removed in

>   Cilium 1.15. The peer service is no longer optional.

Reviewer 2: We already mention in [the v1.13 upgrade notes](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.13/operations/upgrade/#helm-options) that we intend to remove `hubble.peerService.enabled` in v1.14, so we could simply remove it in this PR.

Author: Right, the upgrade notes were in a backport commit and I missed it. Thanks! I updated the PR to remove the value directly.
